Update README.md to improve Linux and macOS installation. (#241)
Neo23x0/Loki: README.md

    
# Use LOKI on Mac OS X (Or later) or Linux

> - Initialize a python virtual enviroment for loki. To do this you have to make sure you have the python module `venv` then run `sudo python -m venv path/to/venv` where `path/to/venv` is the path to your virtual enviroment. Test your virtual enviroment by running `sudo path/to/venv/bin/python --version`.
> - Upgrade your virtual enviroment modules for `pip`, `setuptools` and `wheel` by running `sudo path/to/venv/bin/python -m pip install --upgrade pip setuptools wheel`.
> - Install libraries ```sudo path/to/venv/bin/python -m pip install colorama yara-python psutil rfc5424-logging-handler netaddr```
> - Run loki-upgrader.py ```sudo path/to/venv/bin/python path/to/loki/loki-upgrader.py``` where `path/to/loki` is the path of the Loki repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initialize a Python virtual environment for loki. To do this you have to make sure you have the Python module `venv` then run `python -m venv path/to/venv` where `path/to/venv` is the path to your virtual environment. Test your virtual environment by running `path/to/venv/bin/python --version`.
Upgrade your virtual environment modules for `pip`, `setuptools`, and `wheel` by running `sudo path/to/venv/bin/python—m pip install—-upgrade pip setuptools wheel`.
- Install libraries ```path/to/venv/bin/python -m pip install colorama yara-python psutil rfc5424-logging-handler netaddr```
- Run loki-upgrader.py ```path/to/venv/bin/python path/to/loki/loki-upgrader.py``` where `path/to/loki` is the path of the Loki repository.
```
